here's a fun little reading game
practicing that with the earth sounds so
I made some little nest shapes from foam
paper just drew little zig zag lines and
wrote the earth sound so we have three
nests for a three hour sounds and then I
made some little eggs I printed these
out I giggle some pictures that I wanted
that had different first sounds so this
is something very simple you can do I've
also added this as a PDF if you want to
download and make your own and all these
little eggs have pictures of her words
so for example he'll say hammer and then
you'll find out which sound this word
has and he puts it in so for the first
few goes he got a few wrong and it would
be a guessing game but after a while he
learned them very well third so that's a
good way to learn it even though he
doesn't know them at first it makes it a
fun game all the ones that he got wrong
for example if he'll put the bird here
the ones that he gets wrong I take them
out and I put them back into the pile
that he still needs to do and then he'll
remember that it's not this Earth sound
he might try this one next and then I'll
have to put it back in and then he might
get it that one get and next time he'll
remember driver put that a there turtle
this a toaster farmer so this one was
easy one to explain about because most
of this the words that have this earth
are at the end
for example farmer and with earth hammer
ends with a driver toaster and this urn
that er were a little bit more difficult
but after a while he got the hang of it
purse um burn curly hair she has Turkey
dirty trash a dirty bird diver it ends
with the earth
stir eggs shirt girl skirt first and
hurt and then we have our nice little
eggs in their correct lists practicing
with our earth sounds